chore (#13617)
meshery/meshery: ADOPTERS.md

- [Intraserve Systems](http://intraservesystems.com)
  - [Mohsen Houshmand](https://twitter.com/houshym): "Working with cloud native technology, I find one of the most useful tools is Meshery! I use Meshery to run POCs for our customers to help them adopt, and then, ongoing to check our mesh configuration. The most fantastic part about Meshery is its performance management features."
- [SolarWinds](https://solarwinds.com)
- Sudeep Batra ([Ericsson](https://www.ericsson.com))
- [Metabob](https://metabob.com)
  - [Sako WS](https://twitter.com/sakows): "We find Meshery to be the perfect tool to help us successfully operate our cloud native infrastructure. And with so many new features coming out, it's only getting better and better."
- [Asteria Aerospace](https://asteria.co.in)

>   - "As we are a very modern technology company, we always want to use cutting edge, open source technology to excel. All our microservices are modern in nature and so is their infrastructure. We are cloud agnostic and at the same time, we are fascinated by cloud native to empower us with secure, reliable, intelligent infrastructure. When we are in an Istio world, the need for managing the mesh was always been a gap. With **Meshery**, we believe we can nurture our infrastructure to perform better and more efficiently."

Author: ```suggestion
  - "As we are a very modern technology company, we always want to use cutting edge, open source technology to excel. All our microservices are modern in nature and so is their infrastructure. We are cloud agnostic and at the same time, we are fascinated by the cloud native technologies to empower us with secure, reliable, intelligent infrastructure. When we are in an Istio world, the need for managing our cloud native stack was always been a gap. With **Meshery**, we believe we can nurture our infrastructure to perform better and more efficiently."
```

- [BootLabs](https://www.bootlabs.in/)

>   - "We are a true Boutique Tech Consulting partner who understands the pain points of the all-sized company in terms of embracing cloud. Being obsessed about anything “cloud” and automation first, we drive our partner to success. We always strive to provide our customers, the cutting-edge technology and the trend is cloud native now. We enable our clients to make their microservices more secure with Mesh. When we talk about cloud native, Meshery comes in handy. We have seen the impact Meshery has done for the mesh deployment and management and reduced the time to market. "

Author: ```suggestion
  - "We are a true Boutique Tech Consulting partner who understands the pain points of the all-sized company in terms of embracing cloud. Being obsessed about anything “cloud” and automation first, we drive our partner to success. We always strive to provide our customers, the cutting-edge technology and the trend is cloud native now. We enable our clients to make their microservices more secure with cloud-native solutions. When we talk about cloud native technologies, Meshery comes in handy. We have seen the impact Meshery has done for the cloud native infrastructure management and reduced the time to market. "
```
